Improve documents for Handle Exceptions (#897)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/api-guide.md

      DistributedTransaction tx;
      try {
        tx = transactionManager.begin();
      } catch (TransactionNotFoundException e) {

>         // If beginning a transaction failed, but it's retryable, so that you can retry the
>         // transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // If beginning a transaction failed, but it's retryable, so you can retry the
        // transaction
```

}
```

The `begin()` API could throw `TransactionException` and `TransactionNotFoundException`.
If you catch `TransactionException`, it indicates some failure (e.g., database failure and network error) happens during the transaction, so you should cancel the transaction or retry the transaction after the failure or error is fixed.

> If you catch `TransactionNotFoundException`, it indicates the transaction is not found, but it's retryable, so you can retry the transaction.

Reviewer 2: > it indicates the transaction is not found

[minor] Is it possible to describe possible causes of the exception?

Author: Actually, this doesn't happens with ScalarDB, but It can happen with ScalarDB Cluster. So, I can't describe possible causes here... :(

}
```

The `begin()` API could throw `TransactionException` and `TransactionNotFoundException`.

> If you catch `TransactionException`, it indicates some failure (e.g., database failure and network error) happens during a transaction, so you should cancel the transaction or retry the transaction after the failure/error is fixed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you catch `TransactionException`, it indicates some failure (e.g., database failure and network error) happens during the transaction, so you should cancel the transaction or retry the transaction after the failure or error is fixed.
```

> If you catch `TransactionNotFoundException`, it indicates the transaction is not found, but it's retryable, so that you can retry the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you catch `TransactionNotFoundException`, it indicates the transaction is not found, but it's retryable, so you can retry the transaction.
```

How to identify a transaction status is delegated to users.
You may want to create a transaction status table and update it transactionally with other application data so that you can get the status of a transaction from the status table.

> Please note that if you begin a transaction with specifying a transaction ID, you need to use a different transaction ID when you retry the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if you begin a transaction by specifying a transaction ID, you must use a different ID when you retry the transaction.
```

> Although it's not illustrated in the sample code, the `resume()` API could also throw a `TransactionNotFoundException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although not illustrated in the sample code, the `resume()` API could also throw a `TransactionNotFoundException`.
```
